[Music]
hey there bright ciders it's time to
talk about female health and consider a
few yoga asanas that would be perfect
for improving the health and mood of any
woman but hey you fellas don't need to
skip this video even though these simple
exercises are perfect for the girls you
might also find them useful to improve
your overall health or relieve back pain
for instance yeah it's known that Yoga
is an ancient practice that was
initially implemented by men that's why
it's true that most of its aspects
normally consider the male nature with
its physical properties so from the long
list of possible yoga asanas or poses
here are 13 that I think are the most
helpful for you girls they're all
concentrated on the state of the back
and the blood circulation in the pelvis
the core of female health number one
Mountain Pose let's start with the most
basic yoga exercise stand straight
put your heel slightly apart so that
your big toes touch each other don't
bend any part of your back or neck your
spine must be straight keep your
shoulders back and your chin parallel to
the floor
to make sure you're doing so choose any
distant object in front of you and look
at it while performing this pose now
stretch your arms as if you're trying to
reach the sky with your palms facing one
another stand like this for 30 seconds
to 1 minute breathing easily and
thinking positively number 2 tree pose
standing straight hold your arms to the
sides of your body bend your right knee
and then place your right foot high up
on your left thigh
make sure the sole is placed firm and
flat above your knee joint and your left
knee is not bent you can hold on to the
wall to keep your balance if you can
stand like that without any support then
raise your arms over your head and bring
them together in a namaste greeting
stand like this and breathe for at least
30 seconds then release the right leg
and repeat everything with the left leg
number three downward-facing dog pose
now let's bend a bit and move to
downward facing dog
to implement this make sure that both
your hands and feet stay flat on the
floor your knees aren't bent and your
overall body forms an upside-down V
shape
don't lift your head up and try to look
directly in front of you hold this
position for one minute and don't forget
to breathe properly number four one
legged downward facing dog pose as you
can tell from the name of this post
it'll be pretty much like the previous
one except you'll need to straighten one
leg and lift it up pretend there's a
fire hydrant you'll feel your stomach
muscles working here by the way hold
this position for at least 10 seconds
then switch the leg do this exercise a
couple of times for each leg and
remember not to bend your knees keeping
your upper leg in one whole line with
your spine number five downward facing
hero pose this is it for the standing
exercises now you might need your yoga
mat sit down on the floor with your
pelvis resting on your heels spread your
knees to the sides still keeping your
feet together
lean forward trying to put your chest
palms and forehead flat on the floor
stretch your hands forward as far as you
can try to hold this position for at
least thirty Seconds
number six cobra pose now Hiro turns to
Cobra it'll be easy to change from one
position to another simply by
redistributing your weight put your
hands on the floor under your shoulders
hug your elbows back into your body
press the tops of your feet and thighs
and the pelvis firmly into the floor on
an inhale begin to straighten your arms
to lift the chest off the floor make
sure the lower part of your body stays
flat on the floor hold the pose anywhere
from fifteen to thirty seconds breathing
easily release back to the floor with an
exhale and try not to bite anything you
know cobra number seven child pose it's
probably the most famous relaxing yoga
pose but still let's make sure that
everybody knows how to do it properly
kneel down on the floor and spread your
knees hip width apart make sure that
your heels touch your backside take a
deep breath and while exhaling bend
forward with your palms on the floor
to reach with your arms as far as
possible
now since this pose is a resting
exercise you can stay in it from
anywhere between 30 seconds to a few
minutes
number eight camel pose but don't rush
to stand up because for the next
exercise you need to sit on your knees
down on the floor it's time for a camel
pose to enter the posture you need to
sit on your heels raise your pelvis
inhaling and lean on your heels and turn
then while inhaling begin to move the
pelvis forward moving your center of
gravity to your knees your pelvis should
stand in line with your knees you
shouldn't hang your pelvis out behind
your knees this can create too much
tension in the lower back the rib cage
opens the neck is stretched out a glance
at the ceiling or even easier look
forward try not to squeeze your lower
back here but keep it pulled out
number nine butterfly pose sit straight
put your feet together and spread your
knees to the sides lowering them as
close to the floor as you can you can
lean on the wall with your shoulder
blades in order to control your posture
stretch upward then lay forward
stretching your hands as far as you can
trying to put your stomach flat on the
floor this will make your pelvis joints
really work feel free to hold this
position for one to three minutes
breathing deeply and thinking positively
number 10 opening pose now still sitting
on the floor spread your legs as wide as
you can try not to bend your knees here
when breathing in lift your hands up
when breathing out lean forward as much
as you can but don't round your back
instead only lean in as much as you can
while keeping your back straight once
again stretch with your stomach to the
floor do this pose 8 to 10 times each
time holding your position for a minute
or so number 11 candlestick pose now
it's time to lie down on your back bring
your legs forward rolling your weight to
your shoulders draw your elbows together
and place your hands on your lower back
for additional support you can either
stand still with your feet facing the
ceiling or try to tap your feet down on
the floor behind your head
but be careful here and do everything
slowly make sure the weight remains in
your shoulders and your neck is relaxed
[Music]
number twelve shoulder bridge pose
lie on your back bend your knees put
your feet shoulder-width apart and put
your arms along your sides if you can
hold your hands over your ankles now
slowly lift the pelvis up make sure that
your shoulders neck and head stay flat
on the floor hold this one for one
minute then relax and do this pose a
couple more times number thirteen ah
relaxation pose after a nice set of calm
workouts it's high time for the final
relaxation
lie on your back spread your legs and
arms to the side with your hands facing
upward relax completely when breathing
out just lie like that for at least
three minutes to release all the muscles
and joints of your body all these poses
are vital to relieve back pain stimulate
the blood circulation in the pelvis and
improve the circulation of the lymphatic
fluid they not only improve your overall
health but also enhance your mood and
productivity but what makes them amazing
is that you won't need any special
equipment or even much time to implement
them on a daily basis try not to forget
that it'll be much better to have a
30-minute yoga session every day then
they have a two hour workout say once a
week even though none of these poses
require special equipment make sure that
your clothes allow you to bend and
stretch and remember normally there are
no restrictions for yoga exercises but
in case you feel any discomfort doing
any of these poses or if you have any
special health condition consult your
doctor before you start practicing
namaste so how about you what's your
favorite pose let me know down in the
comments hey if you learned something
new today then give this video a like
and share with a friend but don't go do
the doggy and hydrant pose again just
yet we have over 2,000 cool videos for
you to check out just click on this
after right video and enjoy stay on the
bright side of life